Add flexible time resolution to the documentation (#342)
TulipaEnergy/TulipaEnergyModel.jl: docs/src/features.md

# [Model Features](@id features)

This section explains the main features in the optimization model inside [TulipaEnergyModel.jl](https://github.com/TulipaEnergy/TulipaEnergyModel.jl).

## [Flexible Time Resolution](@id flex-time-res)

Tulipa can handle different time resolutions on the assets and the flows. Typically, the time resolution in an energy model is hourly like in the following figure:

![Hourly Time Resolution](./figs/variable-time-resolution-1.png)

> However, we can have a variable time resolution for each asset and flow to reduce the optimization problem size and approximate the hourly representation. The following figure shows a definition aiming to have less variables to represent the system in the model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we can have a variable time resolution for each asset and flow to reduce the optimization problem size and approximate the hourly representation. The following figure shows a definition aiming to have fewer variables to represent the system in the model:
```

\end{aligned}
```

The constraints for the inputs of the storage are (i.e., charging capacity limit):

```math
\begin{aligned}
& max\_input\_flows\_limit_{phs,1,1:4}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(phs,balance),1,1:4} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{phs} \\
& max\_input\_flows\_limit_{phs,1,5:6}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(phs,balance),1,5:6} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{phs} \\
\end{aligned}
```

#### Conversion Capacity Constraints

```math
\begin{aligned}
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{ccgt,1,1:1}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(ccgt,balance),1,1:1} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{ccgt} \\
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{ccgt,1,1:2}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(ccgt,balance),1,1:2} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{ccgt} \\
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{ccgt,1,1:3}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(ccgt,balance),1,1:3} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{ccgt} \\
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{ccgt,1,1:4}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(ccgt,balance),1,1:4} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{ccgt} \\
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{ccgt,1,1:5}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(ccgt,balance),1,1:5} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{ccgt} \\
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{ccgt,1,1:6}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(ccgt,balance),1,1:6} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{ccgt} \\
\end{aligned}
```

#### Producers Capacity Constraints

> For the wind producer asset we have two flows that outgoing, so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the wind producer asset we have two flows that are outgoing:
```

```math
\begin{aligned}
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{wind,1,1:4}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(wind,balance),1,1:4} + flow_{(wind,phs),1,1:4} \leq \frac{p^{init\_capacity}_{wind}}{4} \cdot \sum_{k=1}^{4} p^{profile}_{wind,1,k} \\
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{wind,1,5:6}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(wind,balance),1,5:6} + flow_{(wind,phs),1,5:6} \leq \frac{p^{init\_capacity}_{wind}}{2} \cdot \sum_{k=5}^{6} p^{profile}_{wind,1,k} \\
\end{aligned}
```

For the hydrogen (H2) producer asset we have the following outgoing limit:

```math
\begin{aligned}
& max\_output\_flows\_limit_{H2,1,1:6}: \\
& \qquad flow_{(H2,ccgt),1,1:6} \leq p^{init\_capacity}_{wind} \cdot p^{profile}_{H2,1,1:6} \\
\end{aligned}
```

#### Transport Capacity Constraints

> For the connection from the hub to the demand has associated a transmission capacity constraints like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the connection from the hub to the demand there are associated transmission capacity constraints:
```
